Adding Visual similarity rec and reorganizing types (#712)
magento/merchdocs: src/marketing/prex-type-rcmdforyou.md

---
ee_only: true
title: Recommended for you
---

The _Recommended for you_ recommendation type recommends items based on each shopper’s current and previous on site behavior.

## How it works

> By analyzing a shopper's browsing and purchase history, _Recommended for you_ displays recommendations that are highly relevant to the current shopper. This recommendation type is very effective on the home page where the majority of shoppers begin their journey on a site. Because _Recommended for you_ requires behavioral data, a first time shopper on your site will not have generated enough data to accurately recommended personalized products. You should allow the system to run for 24 hours so it can start collecting data. Until enough data is collected, however, Magento will surface items based on the _Most viewed_ recommendation type to this shopper.

Reviewer: > Because _Recommended for you_ requires behavioral data
this is not required, as you explain below.

---
ee_only: true
title: Recommended for you
---

The _Recommended for you_ recommendation type recommends items based on each shopper’s current and previous on site behavior.

## How it works

> By analyzing a shopper's browsing and purchase history, _Recommended for you_ displays recommendations that are highly relevant to the current shopper. This recommendation type is very effective on the home page where the majority of shoppers begin their journey on a site. Because _Recommended for you_ uses behavioral data, a first time shopper on your site will not have generated enough data to accurately recommended personalized products. You should allow the system to run for 24 hours so it can start collecting data. Until enough data is collected, however, Magento will surface items based on the _Most viewed_ recommendation type to this shopper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By analyzing a shopper's browsing and purchase history, _Recommended for you_ displays recommendations that are highly relevant to the current shopper. This recommendation type is very effective on the home page where the majority of shoppers begin their journey on a site. For first-time shoppers on your site who have not have generated any signal to personalize their experience, Magento will show items based on the _Most viewed_ recommendation type. As soon as this shopper starts to interact with the products on the site, however, recommended products will adjust to their behavior in real-time.
```
